Update howto-sspr-customization.md (#1270)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/authentication/howto-sspr-customization.md

   * By passing the `whr` parameter to the password reset page, like `https://login.microsoftonline.com/?whr=contoso.com`
   * By passing the `username` parameter to the password reset page, like `https://login.microsoftonline.com/?username=admin@contoso.com`

> SSPR will honor browser language setting. When there is customization for browser language, the page will display in browser language customization. Otherwise,it falls to default locale cusotmization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSPR will honor browser language settings. When there is a customization for browser language, the page will display in the browser language customization. Otherwise, it falls to the default locale customization.
```
fixing typos
